Changes against Issue #18636 (#20071)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/mvc/controllers/routing.md

The special parameter names are used by the URL generation to determine if a URL generation operation refers to a Razor Page or to a Controller.

* The following keywords are reserved in the context of a Razor view or a Razor Page:
   * `page`
   * `using`
   * `namespace`
   * `inject`
   * `section`
   * `inherits`
   * `model`
   * `addTagHelper`
   * `removeTagHelper`

> These keywords should not be used for link generations, model bound parameters, or top level properties.

Reviewer: I actually prefer should ***not*** for emphasis

```suggestion
These keywords shouldn't be used for link generations, model bound parameters, or top level properties.
```
